# [Week3] 会议记录

## 会议基本信息

- **会议主题**:

  - 每个人分享相关项目的学习与复现情况。
  - 根据助教老师的观点和建议，进行进一步的项目安排与分工。
- **会议日期**: 2025年9月18日
- **会议时间**: 14:30 - 16:30 (GMT+8)
- **会议地点**: 宿舍楼四座 - 0869
- **记录人**: 张佳俊
- **参会人员**:

  - 张志宏（72510166）
  - 付钰（72512240）
  - 冼思敏(72512018)
  - 李文灏（72510850）
  - 张佳俊（72510615）
  - 冷爽（72512123）
- **缺席人员**: 无

---

### 项目分享

**文灏：**

- [light-at](https://github.com/HiMeditator/light-at/tree/main)：轻亮是一个面向 VS Code 的智能助手插件。比起代码能力，轻亮更注重 IDE 内的大模型聊天体验。
- [vscode插件结合chatgpt实现的工程化工具](http://github.com/airuikun/smart-ide)

**冷爽：**

- [LogADReft](https://github.com/mala-lab/LogADReft?utm_source=chatgpt.com): This repository contains the code used in the exploration study to compare LoRA and ReFT for log anomaly detection.
- [LogADReft简介.docx](..\meeting minutes\appendix\LogADReft简介.docx)

**付钰：**

- 论文：[Chatting with Logs: An exploratory study on Finetuning LLMs for LogQL](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.03612)
- huggingface上的模型：[NL2LogQL](https://huggingface.co/nl-to-logql) / [nl2logql/LogQLLM](https://github.com/nl2logql/LogQLLM)

**张佳俊：**

- [VSCode插件开发全攻略 Blog](https://www.cnblogs.com/liuxianan/p/vscode-plugin-overview.html)
- [微软VSCode插件开发官方文档](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/overview): 可以在这里找到一些可行的需求项及其实现方式。
- [Extensions for Visual Studio Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/)

**冼思敏：**

- [从0到1开发一款自己的vscode插件](https://segmentfault.com/a/1190000040720760#item-3-4)

### 关于上次“拟写邮件询问TA项目选题是否合适”

* 选题方向可以，但要注意工作量不要太大。
* 重点在流程与文档撰写，不在代码方面。

### 拟写邮件：确定选题及简介

> ## Action Required: Submit Your Code-Based Project Topic by September 21
>
> Dear All,
>
> This is a reminder for all teams to submit the topic and a brief description for the Team-Based Code Project for our review.
>
> Please have your **Team Leader** send an email to me (zongxian.yang@cityu-dg.edu.cn) with the following information:
>
> 1. **Group Number & Team Name**
> 2. **Proposed Project Topic**
> 3. **A Brief Description** (2-3 sentences outlining the project's main goal, scope, and key features).
>
> The deadline for this submission is the end of this week,  **before Monday, September 22nd** . Please submit it by  **11:59 PM on Sunday, September 21st** .
>
> This will allow us to review your proposals and provide timely feedback. We look forward to seeing your ideas!
>
> Best regards,
> Zongxian Yang
> TA

### 会议时间调整

由于时间安排冲突，之后的会议时间调整为周四上午9：30开始。

### 本周工作安排

- 邮件拟写DDL：**11:59 PM on Sunday, September 21st**
- 志宏本周确认logLLM是否可以跑通
- 每个人分别开始完成自己的论文研读工作，大致方向是日志异常检测等。

---



## 下次会议安排

- **暂定议题**:
  - 暂未确定
- **时间**: 2025年9月25日 9:30

---
