# \[Week 3] Meeting Minutes

## Meeting Information

* **Meeting Topics**:

  * Each participant shares their progress on learning and reproducing related projects.
  * Further project planning and task assignment based on the TA’s opinions and suggestions.
* **Date**: September 18, 2025
* **Time**: 14:30 - 16:30 (GMT+8)
* **Location**: Dormitory Block 4 - Room 0869
* **Recorder**: Zhang Jiajun
* **Participants**:

  * Zhang Zhihong (72510166)
  * Fu Yu (72512240)
  * Xian Simin (72512018)
  * Li Wenhao (72510850)
  * Zhang Jiajun (72510615)
  * Leng Shuang (72512123)
* **Absentees**: None

---

### Project Sharing

**Wenhao:**

* [light-at](https://github.com/HiMeditator/light-at/tree/main): Light-AT is an intelligent assistant plugin for VS Code. Compared with coding capabilities, it focuses more on large-model chat experience within the IDE.
* [Engineering Tools using VSCode Plugins combined with ChatGPT](http://github.com/airuikun/smart-ide)

**Leng Shuang:**

* [LogADReft](https://github.com/mala-lab/LogADReft?utm_source=chatgpt.com): This repository contains code used in an exploratory study comparing LoRA and ReFT for log anomaly detection.
* \[LogADReft Introduction.docx]\(..\meeting minutes\appendix\LogADReft简介.docx)

**Fu Yu:**

* Paper: [Chatting with Logs: An exploratory study on Finetuning LLMs for LogQL](https://arxiv.org/abs/2412.03612)
* Models on Hugging Face: [NL2LogQL](https://huggingface.co/nl-to-logql) / [nl2logql/LogQLLM](https://github.com/nl2logql/LogQLLM)

**Zhang Jiajun:**

* [Complete Guide to VSCode Plugin Development Blog](https://www.cnblogs.com/liuxianan/p/vscode-plugin-overview.html)
* [Official Microsoft VSCode Extension Documentation](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/extensions/overview): Useful for identifying feasible project requirements and implementation approaches.
* [Extensions for Visual Studio Code Marketplace](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/)

**Xian Simin:**

* [Developing Your Own VSCode Plugin from Scratch](https://segmentfault.com/a/1190000040720760#item-3-4)

---

### Regarding Last Week’s “Draft Email to Ask TA if Project Topic is Appropriate”

* The topic direction is acceptable, but the workload should not be too large.
* Focus should be on workflow and documentation, rather than coding.

---

### Draft Email: Confirm Topic and Brief Description

> ## Action Required: Submit Your Code-Based Project Topic by September 21
>
> Dear All,
>
> This is a reminder for all teams to submit the topic and a brief description for the Team-Based Code Project for our review.
>
> Please have your **Team Leader** send an email to me ([zongxian.yang@cityu-dg.edu.cn](mailto:zongxian.yang@cityu-dg.edu.cn)) with the following information:
>
> 1. **Group Number & Team Name**
> 2. **Proposed Project Topic**
> 3. **A Brief Description** (2-3 sentences outlining the project's main goal, scope, and key features)
>
> The deadline for this submission is the end of this week, **before Monday, September 22nd**. Please submit it by **11:59 PM on Sunday, September 21st**.
>
> This will allow us to review your proposals and provide timely feedback. We look forward to seeing your ideas!
>
> Best regards,
> Zongxian Yang
> TA

---

### Meeting Time Adjustment

Due to schedule conflicts, future meetings will be held on Thursday mornings starting at 9:30 AM.

---

### This Week’s Tasks

* Email draft deadline: **11:59 PM on Sunday, September 21st**
* Zhihong will confirm whether logLLM can run successfully this week
* Each participant will begin reading and studying their respective papers, roughly focused on log anomaly detection and related topics

---

## Next Meeting

* **Tentative Agenda**: Not yet determined
* **Time**: September 25, 2025, 9:30 AM
